---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/arsa2023/","title":"Eco-friendly weeding through precise detection of growing points via efficient multi-branch convolutional neural networks","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Eco-friendly weeding through precise detection of growing points via efficient multi-branch convolutional neural networks</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Arsa, Dewa Made Sri\|Arsa, Dewa Made Sri]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Ilyas, Talha\|Ilyas, Talha]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Park, Seok-Hwan\|Park, Seok-Hwan]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Won, Okjae\|Won, Okjae]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Kim, Hyongsuk\|Kim, Hyongsuk]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Arsa DMS, Ilyas T, Park S-H, Won O & Kim H (2023). Eco-friendly weeding through precise detection of growing points via efficient multi-branch convolutional neural networks. Computers and Electronics in Agriculture **209**, 107830.
>> - **Publicación**:: Computers and Electronics in Agriculture
>> - **DOI**:: 10.1016/j.compag.2023.107830
>> - **CiteKey**:: arsa2023
>> - **URL**:: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0168169923002181
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [Arsa et al_2023_Eco-friendly weeding through precise detection of growing points via efficient.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/6V4TAHLF)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [Arsa et al_2023_Eco-friendly weeding through precise detection of growing points via efficient.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\Arsa%20et%20al_2023_Eco-friendly%20weeding%20through%20precise%20detection%20of%20growing%20points%20via%20efficient.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #DeteccionAutomatica



> [!abstract]+ 
>Weeds can give negative effects for plant growth, and effectively controlling them is a significant challenge. Traditional methods, such as herbicides, may not be environmentally friendly, and manual weeding can be costly. The laser-based weeding is a potentially alternative way of weeding in an environmentally friendly way. Growing point detection and their pin-point striking would be more desirable in the laser-based weeding technology. In this study, we propose an encoder–decoder-based convolutional neural network with a dual decoder branch to detect the growing point of weeds. The decoder incorporates spatial and channel attention, as well as a novel activation gate mechanism to control the attention. We also present a simple yet effective strategy for combining the outputs of the decoder branches. The proposed method was tested on a real field dataset containing various growing stages of weeds and was compared to state-of-the-art methods using point-based metrics. The results show that the proposed method outperforms existing approaches, with a detection rate of 0.8505, precision of 0.8641, miss rate of 0.1391, RMSE of 22.68, and MAE of 17.95. The implementation code can be accessed at https://github.com/dewamsa/WGPdetection.git.


--- 

## Notes

@arsa2023

gpt:: Propone una red neuronal convolucional eficiente para detectar puntos de crecimiento de malezas para el deshierbe ecológico mediante tecnología de eliminación por láser ([Arsa et al., 2023](zotero://select/library/items/J2XBJ6SG)).






---







