---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/dang2023/","title":"YOLOWeeds - A novel benchmark of YOLO object detectors for multi-class weed detection in cotton production systems","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">YOLOWeeds - A novel benchmark of YOLO object detectors for multi-class weed detection in cotton production systems</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Dang, Fengying\|Dang, Fengying]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Chen, Dong\|Chen, Dong]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Lu, Yuzhen\|Lu, Yuzhen]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Li, Zhaojian\|Li, Zhaojian]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Dang F, Chen D, Lu Y & Li Z (2023). YOLOWeeds - A novel benchmark of YOLO object detectors for multi-class weed detection in cotton production systems. Computers and Electronics in Agriculture **205**, 107655.
>> - **Publicación**:: Computers and Electronics in Agriculture
>> - **DOI**:: 10.1016/j.compag.2023.107655
>> - **CiteKey**:: dang2023
>> - **Nombre corto**:: YOLOWeeds
>> - **URL**:: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0168169923000431
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [2022ASABE-AIM_DeepCottonWeedsDCWANovelBenchmarkofYOLOObjectDetectorsforWeedDetectioninCottonProductionSystems.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/KCKEHDLK)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [2022ASABE-AIM_DeepCottonWeedsDCWANovelBenchmarkofYOLOObjectDetectorsforWeedDetectioninCottonProductionSystems.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\2022ASABE-AIM_DeepCottonWeedsDCWANovelBenchmarkofYOLOObjectDetectorsforWeedDetectioninCottonProductionSystems.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #DeteccionAutomatica



> [!abstract]+ 
>Weeds are among the major threats to cotton production. Overreliance on herbicides for weed control has accelerated the evolution of herbicide-resistance in weeds and caused increasing concerns about environments, food safety and human health. Machine vision systems for automated/robotic weeding have received growing interest towards the realization of integrated, sustainable weed management. However, in the presence of unstructured field environments and significant biological variability of weeds, it remains a serious challenge to develop reliable weed identification and detection systems. A promising solution to address this challenge are the development of arge-scale, annotated image datasets of weeds specific to cropping systems and data-driven AI (artificial intelligence) models for weed detection. Among various deep learning architectures, a diversity of YOLO (You Only Look Once) detectors is well-suited for real-time application and has enjoyed great popularity for generic object detection. This study presents a new dataset (CottoWeedDet12) of weeds important to cotton production in the southern United States (U.S.); it consists of 5648 images of 12 weed classes with a total of 9370 bounding box annotations, collected under natural light conditions and at varied weed growth stages in cotton fields. A novel, comprehensive benchmark of 25 state-of-the-art YOLO object detectors of seven versions including YOLOv3, YOLOv4, Scaled-YOLOv4, YOLOR and YOLOv5, YOLOv6 and YOLOv7, has been established for weed detection on the dataset. Evaluated through the Monte-Caro cross validation with 5 replications, the detection accuracy in terms of mAP@0.5 ranged from 88.14 % by YOLOv3-tiny to 95.22 % by YOLOv4, and the accuracy in terms of mAP@[0.5:0.95] ranged from 68.18 % by YOLOv3-tiny to 89.72 % by Scaled-YOLOv4. All the YOLO models especially YOLOv5n and YOLOv5s have shown great potential for real-time weed detection, and data augmentation could increase weed detection accuracy. Both the weed detection dataset22https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7535814 and software program codes for model benchmarking in this study are publicly available33https://github.com/DongChen06/DCW, which will be to be valuable resources for promoting future research on big data and AI-empowered weed detection and control for cotton and potentially other crops.


--- 

## Notes

@dang2023

gpt:: Presenta un nuevo conjunto de datos para la detección de malezas en sistemas de producción de algodón, evaluando el rendimiento de 25 detectores de objetos YOLO de última generación ([Dang et al., 2023](zotero://select/library/items/U5XMX22T)).






---







