---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/deng2020/","title":"Lightweight Semantic Segmentation Network for Real-Time Weed Mapping Using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Lightweight Semantic Segmentation Network for Real-Time Weed Mapping Using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Deng, Jizhong\|Deng, Jizhong]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zhong, Zhaoji\|Zhong, Zhaoji]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Huang, Huasheng\|Huang, Huasheng]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Lan, Yubin\|Lan, Yubin]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Han, Yuxing\|Han, Yuxing]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zhang, Yali\|Zhang, Yali]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Deng J, Zhong Z, Huang H, Lan Y, Han Y & Zhang Y (2020). Lightweight Semantic Segmentation Network for Real-Time Weed Mapping Using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles. Applied Sciences **10**, 7132.
>> - **Publicación**:: Applied Sciences
>> - **DOI**:: 10.3390/app10207132
>> - **CiteKey**:: deng2020
>> - **URL**:: https://www.mdpi.com/2076-3417/10/20/7132
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [Lightweight_Semantic_Segmentation_Network_for_Real.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/B9QE6DAD)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [Lightweight_Semantic_Segmentation_Network_for_Real.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\Lightweight_Semantic_Segmentation_Network_for_Real.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #DeteccionAutomatica



> [!abstract]+ 
>The timely and eﬃcient generation of weed maps is essential for weed control tasks and precise spraying applications. Based on the general concept of site-speciﬁc weed management (SSWM), many researchers have used unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) remote sensing technology to monitor weed distributions, which can provide decision support information for precision spraying. However, image processing is mainly conducted oﬄine, as the time gap between image collection and spraying signiﬁcantly limits the applications of SSWM. In this study, we conducted real-time image processing onboard a UAV to reduce the time gap between image collection and herbicide treatment. First, we established a hardware environment for real-time image processing that integrates map visualization, ﬂight control, image collection, and real-time image processing onboard a UAV based on secondary development. Second, we exploited the proposed model design to develop a lightweight network architecture for weed mapping tasks. The proposed network architecture was evaluated and compared with mainstream semantic segmentation models. Results demonstrate that the proposed network outperform contemporary networks in terms of eﬃciency with competitive accuracy. We also conducted optimization during the inference process. Precision calibration was applied to both the desktop and embedded devices and the precision was reduced from FP32 to FP16. Experimental results demonstrate that this precision calibration further improves inference speed while maintaining reasonable accuracy. Our modiﬁed network architecture achieved an accuracy of 80.9% on the testing samples and its inference speed was 4.5 fps on a Jetson TX2 module (Nvidia Corporation, Santa Clara, CA, USA), which demonstrates its potential for practical agricultural monitoring and precise spraying applications.


--- 

## Notes

@deng2020

gpt:: Se desarrolló una red de segmentación semántica ligera para el mapeo en tiempo real de malezas utilizando UAVs. La metodología mostró una alta precisión y eficiencia en la identificación de malezas, mejorando la toma de decisiones en el manejo agrícola ([Deng et al., 2020](zotero://select/library/items/KPUZ35J5)).






---







