---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/eppo1989/","title":"Guideline for the efficacy evaluation of herbicides","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Guideline for the efficacy evaluation of herbicides</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[EPPO, \|EPPO, ]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: EPPO (1989). Guideline for the efficacy evaluation of herbicides. EPPO Bulletin **19**, 317–328.
>> - **Publicación**:: EPPO Bulletin
>> - **DOI**:: 10.1111/j.1365-2338.1989.tb00155.x
>> - **CiteKey**:: eppo1989
>> - **Descripción corta**:: _eprint: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/j.1365-2338.1989.tb00155.x
>> - **URL**:: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/j.1365-2338.1989.tb00155.x
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [guideline-for-the-efficacy-evaluation-of-herbicides-1989.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/HL9EZ5U6)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [guideline-for-the-efficacy-evaluation-of-herbicides-1989.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\Eficacia%20de%20herbicidas\guideline-for-the-efficacy-evaluation-of-herbicides-1989.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #EvaluacionEficacia



> [!abstract]+ 
>The biological evaluation of a herbicide involves a programme of trials for assessment of efficacy in weed control and of selectivity to the crop. Trials may be used for efficacy evaluation or selectivity evaluation according to weed occurrence, provided the conditions specified in the guideline are satisfied. This guideline gives detailed instructions for the conduct of single trials and general recommendations for the whole evaluation programme which may include other trials (practical use trials-Appendix I). In some hop management systems, the herbicides used for weed control are also used to control growth of unwanted hop shoots. This special aspect will be covered in a specific guideline.


--- 

## Notes

@eppo1989

gpt:: Las directrices de la EPPO ofrecen procedimientos para evaluar la eficacia de herbicidas. Se detallan criterios y metodologías para ensayos de campo y laboratorio, proporcionando un marco estandarizado para la evaluación comparativa de productos herbicidas ([EPPO, 1989](zotero://select/library/items/WXX32J2I)).






---







