---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/gee2020/","title":"RGB Image-Derived Indicators for Spatial Assessment of the Impact of Broadleaf Weeds on Wheat Biomass","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">RGB Image-Derived Indicators for Spatial Assessment of the Impact of Broadleaf Weeds on Wheat Biomass</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Gée, Christelle\|Gée, Christelle]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Denimal, Emmanuel\|Denimal, Emmanuel]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Gée C & Denimal E (2020). RGB Image-Derived Indicators for Spatial Assessment of the Impact of Broadleaf Weeds on Wheat Biomass. Remote Sensing **12**, 2982.
>> - **Publicación**:: Remote Sensing
>> - **DOI**:: 10.3390/rs12182982
>> - **CiteKey**:: gee2020
>> - **Descripción corta**:: Number: 18
Publisher: Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute
>> - **URL**:: https://www.mdpi.com/2072-4292/12/18/2982
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [10.3390@rs12182982.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/A3MWTXNT)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [10.3390@rs12182982.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\10.3390@rs12182982.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #EvaluacionRemota



> [!abstract]+ 
>In precision agriculture, the development of proximal imaging systems embedded in autonomous vehicles allows to explore new weed management strategies for site-specific plant application. Accurate monitoring of weeds while controlling wheat growth requires indirect measurements of leaf area index (LAI) and above-ground dry matter biomass (BM) at early growth stages. This article explores the potential of RGB images to assess crop-weed competition in a wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) crop by generating two new indicators, the weed pressure (WP) and the local wheat biomass production (δBMc). The fractional vegetation cover (FVC) of the crop and the weeds was automatically determined from the images with a SVM-RBF classifier, using bag of visual word vectors as inputs. It is based on a new vegetation index called MetaIndex, defined as a vote of six indices widely used in the literature. Beyond a simple map of weed infestation, the map of WP describes the crop-weed competition. The map of δBMc, meanwhile, evaluates the local wheat above-ground biomass production and informs us about a potential stress. It is generated from the wheat FVC because it is highly correlated with LAI (r2 = 0.99) and BM (r2 = 0.93) obtained by destructive methods. By combining these two indicators, we aim at determining whether the origin of the wheat stress is due to weeds or not. This approach opens up new perspectives for the monitoring of weeds and the monitoring of their competition during crop growth with non-destructive and proximal sensing technologies in the early stages of development.


--- 

## Notes

@gee2020

gpt:: Se utilizaron indicadores derivados de imágenes RGB para evaluar espacialmente el impacto de malezas de hoja ancha en la biomasa del trigo. Los resultados permitieron una evaluación detallada del impacto de las malezas en la producción de trigo ([Gée y Denimal, 2020](zotero://select/library/items/CYXY63FT)).






---







