---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/hess1997/","title":"Use of the extended BBCH scale—general for the descriptions of the growth stages of mono and dicotyledonous weed species","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Use of the extended BBCH scale—general for the descriptions of the growth stages of mono and dicotyledonous weed species</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Hess, M.\|Hess, M.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Barralis, G.\|Barralis, G.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Bleiholder, H.\|Bleiholder, H.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Buhr, L.\|Buhr, L.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Eggers, Th.\|Eggers, Th.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Hack, H.\|Hack, H.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Stauss, R.\|Stauss, R.]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Hess M, Barralis G, Bleiholder H _et al._ (1997). Use of the extended BBCH scale—general for the descriptions of the growth stages of mono and dicotyledonous weed species. Weed Research **37**, 433–441.
>> - **Publicación**:: Weed Research
>> - **DOI**:: 10.1046/j.1365-3180.1997.d01-70.x
>> - **CiteKey**:: hess1997
>> - **Descripción corta**:: _eprint: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1046/j.1365-3180.1997.d01-70.x
>> - **URL**:: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1046/j.1365-3180.1997.d01-70.x
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [hess1997.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/GCYJHTMN)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [hess1997.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\hess1997.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #Muestreo



> [!abstract]+ 
>The extended BBCH scale is a system for a uniform coding of phenologicaliy similar growth stages of all mono- and dicotyledonous plant species, based on the well known cereal code of Zadoks et al. (1974). The BBCH key is it decimal system, with 10 principal growth stages and up to 10 secondary ones, starting with seed germination, sprouting of perennials, progressing through leaf production and extension growth to flowering and senescence. Therefore, it can also be a suitable tool to define the growth stages of different weed species. To encourage further use of the BBCH scale in weed research, definitions of the codes have been more closely adapted to weeds. Possible problems are discussed and guidelines for correct use are given.


--- 

## Notes

@hess1997

gpt:: Este artículo introduce la escala BBCH extendida para describir las etapas de crecimiento de especies de malezas monocotiledóneas y dicotiledóneas. La escala proporciona una terminología estandarizada para describir el desarrollo fenológico, facilitando la comunicación y comparación en investigaciones agrícolas ([Hess et al., 1997](zotero://select/library/items/GD9JMPNP)).






---







