---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/li2023a/","title":"Automatic rape flower cluster counting method based on low-cost labelling and UAV-RGB images","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Automatic rape flower cluster counting method based on low-cost labelling and UAV-RGB images</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Li, Jie\|Li, Jie]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Wang, Enguo\|Wang, Enguo]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Qiao, Jiangwei\|Qiao, Jiangwei]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Li, Yi\|Li, Yi]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Li, Li\|Li, Li]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Yao, Jian\|Yao, Jian]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Liao, Guisheng\|Liao, Guisheng]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Li J, Wang E, Qiao J _et al._ (2023). Automatic rape flower cluster counting method based on low-cost labelling and UAV-RGB images. Plant Methods **19**, 40.
>> - **Publicación**:: Plant Methods
>> - **DOI**:: 10.1186/s13007-023-01017-x
>> - **CiteKey**:: li2023a
>> - **URL**:: https://doi.org/10.1186/s13007-023-01017-x
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [Li et al_2023_Automatic rape flower cluster counting method based on low-cost labelling and.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/FU3DSDQ9)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [Li et al_2023_Automatic rape flower cluster counting method based on low-cost labelling and.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\Li%20et%20al_2023_Automatic%20rape%20flower%20cluster%20counting%20method%20based%20on%20low-cost%20labelling%20and.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #EvaluacionRemota



> [!abstract]+ 
>The flowering period is a critical time for the growth of rape plants. Counting rape flower clusters can help farmers to predict the yield information of the corresponding rape fields. However, counting in-field is a time-consuming and labor-intensive task. To address this, we explored a deep learning counting method based on unmanned aircraft vehicle (UAV). The proposed method developed the in-field counting of rape flower clusters as a density estimation problem. It is different from the object detection method of counting the bounding boxes. The crucial step of the density map estimation using deep learning is to train a deep neural network that maps from an input image to the corresponding annotated density map.


--- 

## Notes

@li2023a

gpt:: Propone un método de conteo automático de racimos de flores de colza basado en imágenes UAV y aprendizaje profundo, abordando el problema como una estimación de densidad para mejorar la predicción de rendimiento ([Li et al., 2023](zotero://select/library/items/ZWR89892)).






---







