---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/nkoa2015/","title":"Weed Abundance, Distribution, Diversity, and Community Analyses","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Weed Abundance, Distribution, Diversity, and Community Analyses</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Nkoa, Roger\|Nkoa, Roger]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Owen, Micheal D. K.\|Owen, Micheal D. K.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Swanton, Clarence J.\|Swanton, Clarence J.]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Nkoa R, Owen MDK & Swanton CJ (2015). Weed Abundance, Distribution, Diversity, and Community Analyses. Weed Science **63**, 64–90.
>> - **Publicación**:: Weed Science
>> - **DOI**:: 10.1614/WS-D-13-00075.1
>> - **CiteKey**:: nkoa2015
>> - **Descripción corta**:: Publisher: Cambridge University Press
>> - **URL**:: https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/weed-science/article/weed-abundance-distribution-diversity-and-community-analyses/BCF1667F73D6D32FC7E463009D94B471
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [nkoa2015.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/QDIFAMII)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [nkoa2015.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\nkoa2015.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #EcologiaMaleza



> [!abstract]+ 
>Understanding abundance and distribution of weed species within the landscape of an agroecosystem is an important goal for weed science. Abundance is a measure of the number or frequency of individuals in an area. Distribution is a measure of the geographical range of a weed species. The study of weed population's abundance and distribution is helpful in determining how a population changes over time in response to selective pressures applied by our agronomic practices. Accurate estimates, however, of these two key variables are very important if we are to manage agricultural land both for productivity and for biodiversity.


--- 

## Notes

@nkoa2015

gpt:: Este artículo analiza la abundancia, distribución, diversidad y comunidades de malezas, proporcionando una comprensión integral de la ecología de las malezas y sus implicaciones para el manejo agrícola ([Nkoa et al., 2015](zotero://select/library/items/CK4QSIQV)).






---







