---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/otsu1979/","title":"A Threshold Selection Method from Gray-Level Histograms","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">A Threshold Selection Method from Gray-Level Histograms</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Otsu, Nobuyuki\|Otsu, Nobuyuki]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Otsu N (1979). A Threshold Selection Method from Gray-Level Histograms. IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics **9**, 62–66.
>> - **Publicación**:: IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics
>> - **DOI**:: 10.1109/TSMC.1979.4310076
>> - **CiteKey**:: otsu1979
>> - **URL**:: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/4310076/
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [A_Threshold_Selection_Method_from_Gray-Level_Histograms.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/PGKFFAB5)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [A_Threshold_Selection_Method_from_Gray-Level_Histograms.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\A_Threshold_Selection_Method_from_Gray-Level_Histograms.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #EvaluacionRemota



> [!abstract]+ 
>A nonparametric and unsupervised method of automatic threshold selection for picture segmentation is presented. An optimal threshold is selected by the discriminant criterion, namely, so as to maximize the separability of the resultant classes in gray levels. The procedure is very simple, utilizing only the zeroth- and the first-order cumulative moments of the gray-level histogram. It is t straightforward to extend the method to multithreshold problems.


--- 

## Notes

@otsu1979

gpt:: El artículo de Otsu introduce un método para la selección de umbrales en histogramas de niveles de gris. Este método es ampliamente utilizado en procesamiento de imágenes y análisis cuantitativo, con aplicaciones relevantes en la detección de malezas a través de imágenes digitales ([Otsu, 1979](zotero://select/library/items/KU56YPBQ)).






---







