---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/pena2015/","title":"Quantifying Efficacy and Limits of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Technology for Weed Seedling Detection as Affected by Sensor Resolution","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Quantifying Efficacy and Limits of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Technology for Weed Seedling Detection as Affected by Sensor Resolution</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Peña, José M.\|Peña, José M.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Torres-Sánchez, Jorge\|Torres-Sánchez, Jorge]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Serrano-Pérez, Angélica\|Serrano-Pérez, Angélica]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zotero/Autores/de Castro, Ana I.\|De Castro, Ana I.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zotero/Autores/López-Granados, Francisca\|López-Granados, Francisca]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Peña JM, Torres-Sánchez J, Serrano-Pérez A, De Castro AI & López-Granados F (2015). Quantifying Efficacy and Limits of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Technology for Weed Seedling Detection as Affected by Sensor Resolution. Sensors **15**, 5609–5626.
>> - **Publicación**:: Sensors
>> - **DOI**:: 10.3390/s150305609
>> - **CiteKey**:: pena2015
>> - **Descripción corta**:: Number: 3
Publisher: Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute
>> - **URL**:: https://www.mdpi.com/1424-8220/15/3/5609
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [Peña et al_2015_Quantifying Efficacy and Limits of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Technology for.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/X7BX5TM7)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [Peña et al_2015_Quantifying Efficacy and Limits of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Technology for.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\ZoteroData\storage\X7BX5TM7\Peña%20et%20al_2015_Quantifying%20Efficacy%20and%20Limits%20of%20Unmanned%20Aerial%20Vehicle%20(UAV)%20Technology%20for.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #AnalisisImagen



> [!abstract]+ 
>In order to optimize the application of herbicides in weed-crop systems, accurate and timely weed maps of the crop-field are required. In this context, this investigation quantified the efficacy and limitations of remote images collected with an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) for early detection of weed seedlings. The ability to discriminate weeds was significantly affected by the imagery spectral (type of camera), spatial (flight altitude) and temporal (the date of the study) resolutions. The colour-infrared images captured at 40 m and 50 days after sowing (date 2), when plants had 5–6 true leaves, had the highest weed detection accuracy (up to 91%). At this flight altitude, the images captured before date 2 had slightly better results than the images captured later. However, this trend changed in the visible-light images captured at 60 m and higher, which had notably better results on date 3 (57 days after sowing) because of the larger size of the weed plants. Our results showed the requirements on spectral and spatial resolutions needed to generate a suitable weed map early in the growing season, as well as the best moment for the UAV image acquisition, with the ultimate objective of applying site-specific weed management operations.


--- 

## Notes

@pena2015

gpt:: El estudio cuantifica la eficacia y las limitaciones de la tecnología UAV para la detección de plántulas de malezas, analizando cómo la resolución del sensor afecta la precisión de la detección ([Peña et al., 2015](zotero://select/library/items/936AASSF)).






---







