---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/quan2021/","title":"An Instance Segmentation-Based Method to Obtain the Leaf Age and Plant Centre of Weeds in Complex Field Environments","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">An Instance Segmentation-Based Method to Obtain the Leaf Age and Plant Centre of Weeds in Complex Field Environments</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Quan, Longzhe\|Quan, Longzhe]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Wu, Bing\|Wu, Bing]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Mao, Shouren\|Mao, Shouren]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Yang, Chunjie\|Yang, Chunjie]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Li, Hengda\|Li, Hengda]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Quan L, Wu B, Mao S, Yang C & Li H (2021). An Instance Segmentation-Based Method to Obtain the Leaf Age and Plant Centre of Weeds in Complex Field Environments. Sensors **21**, 3389.
>> - **Publicación**:: Sensors
>> - **DOI**:: 10.3390/s21103389
>> - **CiteKey**:: quan2021
>> - **Descripción corta**:: Number: 10
Publisher: Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute
>> - **URL**:: https://www.mdpi.com/1424-8220/21/10/3389
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [Quan et al_2021_An Instance Segmentation-Based Method to Obtain the Leaf Age and Plant Centre.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/KGHUUGHZ)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [Quan et al_2021_An Instance Segmentation-Based Method to Obtain the Leaf Age and Plant Centre.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\Quan%20et%20al_2021_An%20Instance%20Segmentation-Based%20Method%20to%20Obtain%20the%20Leaf%20Age%20and%20Plant%20Centre.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #AnalisisImagen



> [!abstract]+ 
>Leaf age and plant centre are important phenotypic information of weeds, and accurate identification of them plays an important role in understanding the morphological structure of weeds, guiding precise targeted spraying and reducing the use of herbicides. In this work, a weed segmentation method based on BlendMask is proposed to obtain the phenotypic information of weeds under complex field conditions. This study collected images from different angles (front, side, and top views) of three kinds of weeds (Solanum nigrum, barnyard grass (Echinochloa crus-galli), and Abutilon theophrasti Medicus) in a maize field. Two datasets (with and without data enhancement) and two backbone networks (ResNet50 and ResNet101) were replaced to improve model performance. Finally, seven evaluation indicators are used to evaluate the segmentation results of the model under different angles. The results indicated that data enhancement and ResNet101 as the backbone network could enhance the model performance. The F1 value of the plant centre is 0.9330, and the recognition accuracy of leaf age can reach 0.957. The mIOU value of the top view is 0.642. Therefore, deep learning methods can effectively identify weed leaf age and plant centre, which is of great significance for variable spraying.


--- 

## Notes

@quan2021

gpt:: Método de segmentación de instancias para obtener la edad de las hojas y el centro de las plantas de malezas en condiciones de campo complejo, usando BlendMask y ResNet101 ([Quan et al., 2021](zotero://select/library/items/XKC27ZVM)).






---







