---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/raj2018/","title":"Machine Vision based Agricultural Weed Detection and Smart Herbicide Spraying","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Machine Vision based Agricultural Weed Detection and Smart Herbicide Spraying</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Raj, S. Mohan\|Raj, S. Mohan]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Raj SM (2018). Machine Vision based Agricultural Weed Detection and Smart Herbicide Spraying. Indian Journal of Science and Technology **11**, 1–5.
>> - **Publicación**:: Indian Journal of Science and Technology
>> - **DOI**:: 10.17485/ijst/2018/v11i23/129124
>> - **CiteKey**:: raj2018
>> - **URL**:: https://indjst.org/articles/machine-vision-based-agricultural-weed-detection-and-smart-herbicide-spraying
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [Article34.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/3K3LRV2I)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [Article34.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\Article34.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #Basados, #gpt



> [!abstract]+ 
>Objectives - To detect and remove the unwanted weeds present in an agricultural field and spray the pesticide at exact location of plants. Methods/Statistical Analysis -  The entire process is implemented by using Labview programming with Machine Vision libraries. The movable agricultural vehicle is incorporated with machine vision library and microcontroller. The unwanted plants or weeds are identified by using Labview simulation process. Plants must be differentiated accordingly based on the type of weed that will affect the yield. The characteristics of weed should be properly studied. Findings - The unwanted plants or weeds grown will reduce the yield. Weed detection and removal in agricultural field is the main process. Utilization of the herbicides can be diminished just by appropriate breaking down of the weed. Application/Improvements - The position of weeds is automatically identified. Spraying of herbicide can be taken automatically or takes place once the position of the weed is detected by using spraying module.


--- 

## Notes

@raj2018

gpt:: El artículo presenta un sistema basado en visión artificial para la detección de malezas y la pulverización inteligente de herbicidas. La tecnología permite una aplicación más precisa y dirigida de herbicidas, reduciendo el uso de químicos y mejorando la eficiencia ([Raj, 2018](zotero://select/library/items/4BDT4YFL)).






---







