---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/weis2010/","title":"Detection and Identification of Weeds","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Detection and Identification of Weeds</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Weis, Martin\|Weis, Martin]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Sökefeld, Markus\|Sökefeld, Markus]]  
 >>> **FirstEditor**:: [[Oerke, Erich-Christian\|Oerke, Erich-Christian]]  
>> **Editor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Gerhards, Roland\|Gerhards, Roland]]  
>> **Editor**:: [[Menz, Gunter\|Menz, Gunter]]  
>> **Editor**:: [[Sikora, Richard A.\|Sikora, Richard A.]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: bookSection
>> - **Referencia**:: Weis M & Sökefeld M (2010). Detection and Identification of Weeds. In: _Precision Crop Protection - the Challenge and Use of Heterogeneity_. (eds E-C Oerke, R Gerhards, G Menz & RA Sikora), 119–134. Springer Netherlands, Dordrecht. 
>> -  **Publisher**:: Springer Netherlands
>> - **ISBN**:: 978-90-481-9277-9
>> - **CiteKey**:: weis2010
>> - **Descripción corta**:: DOI: 10.1007/978-90-481-9277-9_8
>> - **URL**:: https://doi.org/10.1007/978-90-481-9277-9_8
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [weis2010.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/6TCEU8AU)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [weis2010.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\weis2010.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #AnalisisImagen



> [!abstract]+ 
>This chapter reviews the approaches for the automation of weed detection. Site-specific plant protection needs to address the varying weed infestation, but the automation is only partially solved and research is still ongoing. The properties for plant species distinction as well as approaches that use them are presented. The focus is on image based methods, of which an example is given.


--- 

## Notes

@weis2010

gpt:: El artículo discute técnicas de detección e identificación de malezas en el contexto de la protección de cultivos de precisión. Se revisan métodos basados en sensores y análisis de imágenes, y su aplicación para mejorar el manejo de malezas en la agricultura moderna ([Weis y Sökefeld, 2010](zotero://select/library/items/T4AUIK5B)).






---







