---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/wu2021/","title":"Review of Weed Detection Methods Based on Computer Vision","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Review of Weed Detection Methods Based on Computer Vision</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Wu, Zhangnan\|Wu, Zhangnan]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Chen, Yajun\|Chen, Yajun]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zhao, Bo\|Zhao, Bo]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Kang, Xiaobing\|Kang, Xiaobing]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Ding, Yuanyuan\|Ding, Yuanyuan]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Wu Z, Chen Y, Zhao B, Kang X & Ding Y (2021). Review of Weed Detection Methods Based on Computer Vision. Sensors **21**, 3647.
>> - **Publicación**:: Sensors
>> - **DOI**:: 10.3390/s21113647
>> - **CiteKey**:: wu2021
>> - **URL**:: https://www.mdpi.com/1424-8220/21/11/3647
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [wu2021.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/XTJKYV69)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [wu2021.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\wu2021.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #AnalisisImagen



> [!abstract]+ 
>Weeds are one of the most important factors affecting agricultural production. The waste and pollution of farmland ecological environment caused by full-coverage chemical herbicide spraying are becoming increasingly evident. With the continuous improvement in the agricultural production level, accurately distinguishing crops from weeds and achieving precise spraying only for weeds are important. However, precise spraying depends on accurately identifying and locating weeds and crops. In recent years, some scholars have used various computer vision methods to achieve this purpose. This review elaborates the two aspects of using traditional image-processing methods and deep learning-based methods to solve weed detection problems. It provides an overview of various methods for weed detection in recent years, analyzes the advantages and disadvantages of existing methods, and introduces several related plant leaves, weed datasets, and weeding machinery. Lastly, the problems and difficulties of the existing weed detection methods are analyzed, and the development trend of future research is prospected.


--- 

## Notes

@wu2021

gpt:: Revisa métodos de detección de malezas basados en visión por computadora, analizando técnicas de procesamiento de imágenes tradicionales y basadas en deep learning para la identificación precisa de malezas ([Wu et al., 2021](zotero://select/library/items/C5KXK4UY)).






---







