---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/zisi2018/","title":"Incorporating Surface Elevation Information in UAV Multispectral Images for Mapping Weed Patches","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">Incorporating Surface Elevation Information in UAV Multispectral Images for Mapping Weed Patches</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Zisi, Theodota\|Zisi, Theodota]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Alexandridis, Thomas K.\|Alexandridis, Thomas K.]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Kaplanis, Spyridon\|Kaplanis, Spyridon]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Navrozidis, Ioannis\|Navrozidis, Ioannis]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Tamouridou, Afroditi-Alexandra\|Tamouridou, Afroditi-Alexandra]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Lagopodi, Anastasia\|Lagopodi, Anastasia]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Moshou, Dimitrios\|Moshou, Dimitrios]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Polychronos, Vasilios\|Polychronos, Vasilios]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Zisi T, Alexandridis TK, Kaplanis S _et al._ (2018). Incorporating Surface Elevation Information in UAV Multispectral Images for Mapping Weed Patches. Journal of Imaging **4**, 132.
>> - **Publicación**:: Journal of Imaging
>> - **DOI**:: 10.3390/jimaging4110132
>> - **CiteKey**:: zisi2018
>> - **Descripción corta**:: Number: 11
Publisher: Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute
>> - **URL**:: https://www.mdpi.com/2313-433X/4/11/132
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [zisi2018.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/I2X7AVBB)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [zisi2018.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\zisi2018.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #EvaluacionRemota



> [!abstract]+ 
>Accurate mapping of weed distribution within a field is a first step towards effective weed management. The aim of this work was to improve the mapping of milk thistle (Silybum marianum) weed patches through unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) images using auxiliary layers of information, such as spatial texture and estimated vegetation height from the UAV digital surface model. UAV multispectral images acquired in the visible and near-infrared parts of the spectrum were used as the main source of data, together with texture that was estimated for the image bands using a local variance filter. The digital surface model was created from structure from motion algorithms using the UAV image stereopairs. From this layer, the terrain elevation was estimated using a focal minimum filter followed by a low-pass filter. The plant height was computed by subtracting the terrain elevation from the digital surface model. Three classification algorithms (maximum likelihood, minimum distance and an object-based image classifier) were used to identify S. marianum from other vegetation using various combinations of inputs: image bands, texture and plant height. The resulting weed distribution maps were evaluated for their accuracy using field-surveyed data. Both texture and plant height have helped improve the accuracy of classification of S. marianum weed, increasing the overall accuracy of classification from 70% to 87% in 2015, and from 82% to 95% in 2016. Thus, as texture is easier to compute than plant height from a digital surface model, it may be preferable to be used in future weed mapping applications.


--- 

## Notes

@zisi2018

gpt:: Se incorporó información de elevación de la superficie en imágenes multiespectrales de UAV para el mapeo de parches de malezas. Este enfoque mejoró la precisión en la detección de malezas, proporcionando datos más detallados para el manejo de estas en los cultivos ([Zisi et al., 2018](zotero://select/library/items/9H55WWVI))






---







