---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/zotero/articulos/zou2021/","title":"A Field Weed Density Evaluation Method Based on UAV Imaging and Modified U-Net","tags":["#zotero"]}
---


<span style="font-variant:small-caps; font-weight: bold;">A Field Weed Density Evaluation Method Based on UAV Imaging and Modified U-Net</span>

---


> [!multi-column]
>
>> [!example|min-0]+ Autores
>> 
>> **FirstAuthor**:: [[Zotero/Autores/Zou, Kunlin\|Zou, Kunlin]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Chen, Xin\|Chen, Xin]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zhang, Fan\|Zhang, Fan]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zhou, Hang\|Zhou, Hang]]  
>> **Author**:: [[Zhang, Chunlong\|Zhang, Chunlong]]  
 >
>
>> [!info|wide-2]+
>>
>> - **Tipo de fuente**:: journalArticle
>> - **Referencia**:: Zou K, Chen X, Zhang F, Zhou H & Zhang C (2021). A Field Weed Density Evaluation Method Based on UAV Imaging and Modified U-Net. Remote Sensing **13**, 310.
>> - **Publicación**:: Remote Sensing
>> - **DOI**:: 10.3390/rs13020310
>> - **CiteKey**:: zou2021
>> - **URL**:: https://www.mdpi.com/2072-4292/13/2/310
>> - **Zotero Link:** 
>> - [remotesensing-13-00310.pdf](zotero://select/library/items/F8WMGCAT)
>>
>> - **Ver en carpeta**: 
>> - [remotesensing-13-00310.pdf](file://J:\OneDrive\Articulos\remotesensing-13-00310.pdf)
>> - **tags**:: #gpt, #Basados, #DeteccionAutomatica



> [!abstract]+ 
>Weeds are one of the main factors affecting the yield and quality of agricultural products. Accurate evaluation of weed density is of great signiﬁcance for ﬁeld management, especially precision weeding. In this paper, a weed density calculating and mapping method in the ﬁeld is proposed. An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) was used to capture ﬁeld images. The excess green minus excess red index, combined with the minimum error threshold segmentation method, was used to segment green plants and bare land. A modiﬁed U-net was used to segment crops from images. After removing the bare land and crops from the ﬁeld, images of weeds were obtained. The weed density was evaluated by the ratio of weed area to total area on the segmented image. The accuracy of the green plant segmentation was 93.5%. In terms of crop segmentation, the intersection over union (IoU) was 93.40%, and the segmentation time of a single image was 35.90 ms. Finally, the determination coefﬁcient of the UAV evaluated weed density and the manually observed weed density was 0.94, and the root mean square error was 0.03. With the proposed method, the weed density of a ﬁeld can be effectively evaluated from UAV images, hence providing critical information for precision weeding.


--- 

## Notes

@zou2021

gpt:: Se desarrolló un método de evaluación de densidad de malezas en campo basado en imágenes UAV y una red U-Net modificada. Los resultados demostraron una alta precisión en la evaluación de densidad de malezas, facilitando la gestión específica de sitio en la agricultura ([Zou et al., 2021](zotero://select/library/items/SX9MUUFR)).






---







